Job Description
Must be enrolled in a university prior to and post internship.

Target Internship Duration: May-Aug 2026 or June-Sept 2026

Location: Varies per team alignment 

 

 

The Program:  

Our future success depends on hiring world-class, early in career talent who are looking to power next-generation services and solutions. We are hiring students with a diverse set of skills and experiences to work in and across teams. Our program is intended to enhance your overall learning experience, help build your network, and accelerate your opportunity to make an impact. 

The Organization:  

Global Industry Unit (GIU) is a dedicated development organization with deep domain expertise, specializing in building and operating industry specific cloud applications. Our organization with over 23,000 employees works on solving the most complex business problems across a wide range of industries, globally.  

Focused R&D investment of $700+ million annually in industry applications  

16M users served across nearly 200,000 cloud customers in over 120 countries 

Leverage Oracle Cloud technology, operations, and global scale 

The Global Business Unit is comprised of numerous industries, including: 

Communication: Providing networks for service providers and enterprises 

Construction & Engineering: Supporting owners & delivery teams that plan, build, and operate critical assets. 

Energy & Water: Providing mission critical support for electric, gas, and water utilities worldwide 

Financial Services: Powering complex core banking, regulatory compliance, and analytics operations 

Hospitality: Redefining guest experience in hospitality establishments around the world 

Life Sciences: Making apps to save and improve lives, and enable inventions at the speed of science. 

Local Government: Empowering agencies to innovate and connect better with citizens. 

Restaurants: Powering successful restaurants around the globe 

Retail: Empowering commerce for 5,750 retailers in 96 countries 

  

What You’ll Do: 

We are seeking best-in-class engineers with the expertise and passion for solving challenging unique problems. You will use your knowledge and creativity to design and build innovative new systems from the ground up. You will be writing code, completing programming projects, and performing testing and debugging of Oracle software. You will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technologies to tackle real-world problems in a collaborative, agile environment. 

 

What You’ll Bring (Objective Minimum Qualifications): 

To be considered for a Software Engineer position in Global Industry Units you must possess the Objective Minimum Qualifications (OMQs) below. Please ensure that your application clearly indicates that you meet these OMQs, either on your resume and/or by uploading additional documents such as a transcript. 

Visa sponsorship is not available for this role. For clarity purposes, this means that Oracle is not in a position now, or in the future, to offer US immigration sponsorship. This includes, but is not limited to, support of H-1B, TN, O-1, green card or F-1 training plans/evaluations.  

Reside in the United States and/or attend a university in the US. 
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree program in Computer Science (or an equivalent science/engineering field or AND be returning to the program after completion of the internship.
Proficient (i.e., able to complete coding projects with no assistance) in at least two of the following programming languages:  
Java

Python

C#

SQL

JavaScript

CSS

HTML 

Have completed coursework, projects, internships, and or research in at least three of the following:  
Artificial Intelligence 

Algorithms

Big Data 

Data Structures 

Database 

Machine Learning 

Object-Oriented Programming 

Software Programming 

Web/Mobile Development 

Micro-Services Architecture 

Container Architecture (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) 

User Interface Design 

Completed at least one internship, research assistantship, teaching assistantship, or equivalent practical experience working with the relevant technical areas noted above. 
 
 

Preferred Qualifications:  

Minimum 3.0 GPA 

Qualifications
Disclaimer:

Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.

Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only

US: Hiring Range in USD from $19.62 to $53.00 per hour; from: $40,800 to $110,240 per annum. 

Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.
Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.

Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:
1. Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion
2. Short term disability and long term disability
3. Life insurance and AD&D
4. Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)
5. Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts
6. Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits
7. 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match
8. Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.
9. 11 paid holidays
10. Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.
11. Paid parental leave
12. Adoption assistance
13. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
14. Financial planning and group legal
15. Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance

The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.

Career Level - IC0


 

About Us
As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity. 

We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotes opportunities for all.

Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency and support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.

We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the United States.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. 